{'reasoning': 'The cross-section of a torus cut by a plane can produce a variety of shapes depending on the plane\'s position and orientation relative to the torus. In this case, the torus is centered at the origin with a major radius of 5 (distance from the center of the tube to the center of the torus) and a minor radius of 2 (radius of the tube itself).\n\nThe cutting plane has a normal vector (0,1,1) and passes through the point (0,0,3). This means the plane is slanted, not parallel or perpendicular to the torus\'s symmetry axis (the z-axis). The plane is also offset from the origin.\n\nTo determine the resulting shape, we consider the geometry:\n1.  A torus is a surface of revolution generated by revolving a circle in 3D space about an axis coplanar with the circle.\n2.  The intersection of a plane and a torus can result in various quartic curves (bicircular quartics). Common cross-sections include circles (for planes parallel to the torus\'s equatorial plane or tangent planes), Cassini ovals, and more complex shapes.\n3.  A plane that slices through the "side" of the torus, especially one that is not parallel to the axis of revolution, often produces a shape known as a *Villarceau circle* if it\'s tangent to the torus at two points, but more generally, it can produce a closed loop that resembles an ellipse or a more distorted oval. However, the specific orientation and offset here are likely chosen to produce a specific known cross-section.\n4.  Given the plane\'s normal (0,1,1), it\'s at a 45-degree angle to the y and z axes. The point (0,0,3) is on the positive z-axis, within the "hole" of the torus (since the major radius is 5, the inner edge of the torus along the z-axis is at z = ±2, and the outer edge is at z = ±7). A plane passing through (0,0,3) with this normal will intersect the torus.\n\nA key insight is that the intersection of a plane and a torus is generally a quartic curve. However, for certain specific planes, it can degenerate into a pair of circles or other conic sections. In this case, the plane\'s offset and orientation suggest it will intersect the torus in a single, connected, closed loop.\n\nThe most accurate description from the given options, considering the slanted cut and the torus\'s structure, is an **oval**. While an ellipse is a specific type of oval defined by a quadratic equation, the intersection of a plane and a torus is usually a quartic curve, making "oval" a more appropriate general term for a closed, convex, curved shape that is not a perfect circle.\n\nThe shape will be a single, closed, convex loop. It will have two axes of symmetry if the plane is oriented in a way that respects the torus\'s rotational symmetry in a balanced manner, but given the normal vector (0,1,1), the symmetry is likely only along one axis within the plane. It will not be a polygon (no straight sides), a crescent (which implies a concave shape), or a lens (which is typically formed by the intersection of two circles).', 'shapeType': 'oval', 'shapeDescription': "A single, closed, convex loop resembling a flattened circle. It is the intersection of a slanted plane with the torus, resulting in a quartic curve that appears as an oval shape. The shape has two axes of symmetry, one corresponding to the direction of the plane's steepest ascent/descent relative to the torus's symmetry axis, and the other perpendicular to it within the plane."}