{'reasoning': 'To determine the stability of the stacked objects, we need to analyze the center of gravity (CG) and the moments of inertia (MI) of each object. The CG is the point where the object can be balanced, while the MI is the object\'s resistance to rotate around that point. We also need to calculate the stability coefficient (SC) of the system to determine if the stack can be built without any single block tipping over. The SC is a measure of how much the CG of the stack needs to be offset from the base to cause the stack to topple. The SC is calculated as follows: SC = (sum of mi""Yi) / (sum of mi""Xi"Yi) where mi""Xi and mi""Yi are the moments of inertia of the object in the X and Y directions respectively. The SC should ideally be within the range of 0.0 to 0.4 for stability. 1. If the blocks are placed loosely, the stack can be built bottom-to-top without any single block tipping over. The CG of the stack should be within the base, and the SC should be within the range of 0.0 to 0.4 for stability. 2. If the stack is not stable and tips, the block that tips first will be the one with the highest moment of inertia in the direction of the force applied to the stack. The block that tips first can be calculated by finding the object with the highest moment of inertia in the Z direction. 3. If the blocks are glued together to create a single rigid object, the object is stable if the CG of the object is within the base and the SC is within the range of 0.0 to 0.4. 4. If the object is not stable and tips, the block that tips first will touch the ground first. This can be calculated by finding the object with the lowest moment of inertia in the direction of the force applied to the object. 5. If the object is not stable and tips, the blocks that touch the ground after it comes to a rest can be calculated by finding the objects with the lowest moment of inertia in the direction of the force applied to the object. 6. If the object is stable, the number of degrees of rotation required to tip it over can be calculated by finding the angle between the CG of the object and the base. The stability of the stack can be analyzed using the principles of physics, specifically the laws of motion and the concept of center of gravity. The moments of inertia of each object can be calculated using the formula: mi" = \x12mr"^2 where mi" is the moment of inertia of the object, m is the mass of the object, r is the distance from the CG of the object to the point where the force is applied, and " is the angle between the CG and the force applied to the object. The CG of the stack can be calculated by finding the center of mass of the stack, which is the weighted average of the CG of each object in the stack. The SC can be calculated using the formula: SC = (sum of mi""Yi) / (sum of mi""Xi"Yi) where mi""Xi and mi""Yi are the moments of inertia of the object in the X and Y directions respectively. The SC should ideally be within the range of 0.0 to 0.4 for stability. ', 'looseStackable': True, 'looseTippingBlock': 1, 'gluedStable': True, 'gluedFirstContact': 5, 'gluedRestingBlocks': [3, 5, 7], 'degreesToTip': 10}