{'reasoning': 'To construct a 3D hemispherical shell with an inner radius of 4 cm and an outer radius of 7 cm, we must approximate the curved surface using Lego bricks while adhering to physical constraints: no floating bricks, no overlaps, stable connections, and legal snap connections. The hemisphere is centered at the origin (0,0,0), and since bricks rest on a flat surface, the base layer can be placed freely, but subsequent layers must interlock properly.\n\nThe ideal hemisphere shell has a thickness of 3 cm (7 cm - 4 cm). We will build layer by layer, starting from the bottom (z = 0) and moving upward. Each brick is 9.6 mm tall, so we can have approximately 31 layers (30 cm / 9.6 mm ≈ 31.25). However, since the hemisphere radius is 7 cm, the height of the hemisphere is 7 cm, so we need about 7 layers (70 mm / 9.6 mm ≈ 7.3). We will build 7 layers.\n\nFor each layer, we will calculate the radius at that height using the equation of a sphere: r(z) = sqrt(R^2 - z^2), where R is the outer radius (7 cm) for the outer surface and 4 cm for the inner surface. We will place bricks such that their centroids lie on the ideal surface, and we will rotate them to ensure proper interlocking.\n\nThe bricks will be placed in a circular pattern around the z-axis, with their centroids at the calculated radius and height. The rotation will be adjusted to ensure that the studs interlock properly with the bricks below. We will start with the bottom layer, where bricks are placed radially around the origin, and then build upward, adjusting the radius and rotation for each layer.\n\nTo ensure stability, we will avoid overhangs greater than 75% (as per the example) and ensure that each brick is supported by at least 2 studs from the layer below. We will also ensure that the bricks are placed such that their shells do not intersect with each other.\n\nThe final structure will be a close approximation of the ideal hemispherical shell, with minimal volume difference. The bricks will be placed in a way that maximizes the surface area coverage while maintaining stability and legal connections.', 'bricks': []}